# StorageAttachmentResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Account** | **string** | Shows the default account for your identity domain. | [optional] [default to null]
**Hypervisor** | **string** | Hypervisor type to which this volume was attached to. | [optional] [default to null]
**Index** | **int32** | &lt;p&gt;Index number for the volume. The allowed range is 1-10. The index determines the device name by which the volume is exposed to the instance. Index 0 is allocated to the temporary boot disk, /dev/xvda. An attachment with index 1 is exposed to the instance as /dev/xvdb, an attachment with index 2 is exposed as /dev/xvdc, and so on. | [optional] [default to null]
**InstanceName** | **string** | Multipart name of the instance attached to the storage volume. | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Name of this attachment, generated by the server. | [optional] [default to null]
**Readonly** | **bool** | Expose this attachment in read-only mode to the Instance | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** | &lt;p&gt;Specify one of the following states of the storage attachment:&lt;p&gt;&lt;code&gt;attaching&lt;/code&gt;: The storage attachment is in the process of attaching to the instance.&lt;p&gt;&lt;code&gt;attached&lt;/code&gt;: The storage attachment is attached to the instance.&lt;p&gt;&lt;code&gt;detaching&lt;/code&gt;: The storage attachment is in the process of detaching from the instance.&lt;p&gt;&lt;code&gt;unavailable&lt;/code&gt;: The storage attachment is unavailable.&lt;p&gt;&lt;code&gt;unknown&lt;/code&gt;: The state of the storage attachment is not known. | [optional] [default to null]
**StorageVolumeName** | **string** | Three part name (&lt;code&gt;/Compute-&lt;em&gt;identity_domain&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;user&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;object_name&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) of the storage volume that is attached to the instance. | [optional] [default to null]
**Uri** | **string** | Uniform Resource Identifier | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


