# StorageSnapshotResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Account** | **string** | Account to use for snapshots | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | Description of this storage snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]
**MachineimageName** | **string** | The name of the machine image that&#39;s used in the boot volume from which this snapshot is taken | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Multipart name of the storage snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]
**Platform** | **string** | The OS platform this snapshot is compatible with. | [optional] [default to null]
**Property** | **string** | &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;/oracle/private/storage/snapshot/collocated&lt;/code&gt; indicates that the snapshot is stored in the same physical location as the original storage volume.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;/oracle/public/storage/snapshot/default&lt;/code&gt; indicates that the snapshot aren&#39;t stored in the same location as the original storage volume. Instead, they are reduced and stored in the associated Oracle Storage Cloud Service instance.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**Size** | **string** | The size of the storage snapshot in bytes. | [optional] [default to null]
**SnapshotId** | **string** | A unique id for this snapshot auto-generated by the server. | [optional] [default to null]
**SnapshotTimestamp** | **string** | Timestamp of the storage snapshot, generated by storage server. The snapshot will contain data written to the original volume before this time. | [optional] [default to null]
**StartTimestamp** | **string** | Timestamp when the operation is started. | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | Current status of the storage snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]
**StatusDetail** | **string** | Details about the latest state of the storage volume snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]
**StatusTimestamp** | **string** | Indicates the time that the current view of the storage volume snapshot was generated. | [optional] [default to null]
**Tags** | **[]string** | Comma-separated list of strings that describe the storage snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]
**Uri** | **string** | Uniform Resource Identifier | [optional] [default to null]
**Volume** | **string** | The name of the parent storage volume of this storage snapshot. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


